Support context manager usage of clients and apps to implicitly close token storage and transports (#1326)
globus/globus-sdk-python: docs/user_guide/getting_started/minimal_script.rst

            :caption: ``list_groups.py`` [:download:`download <list_groups.py>`]
            :language: python

    ..  tab-item:: With Context Managers

>         This example is the same as the tutorial, but does safer resource cleanup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This example is the same as the tutorial, but safely cleans up resources.
```
